# Plenary January, 2022-02-03

## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
    * Please note: Attendees to be generated from Teams â€“ please check the minutes for any corrections
2. Previous minutes
    * these minutes are from the 2021 December Plenary
    * see https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-12-02.md
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items
5. Work Plan for 2022
    * Arranging speakers for plenaries
    * Lining up resentations on LD to other data groups
        * especially given the growing availability of LD resources
    * AGLDWG infrastructure
        * ontology documentation
        * RDF tools
        * vocabulary publication patterns
7. General business 
8. Next meeting details
9. Monthly Plenary closes

## Minutes

**Chair**: Nicholas Car  
**Notes**: Nicholas Car

#### 1. Attendees and Apologies

Here is a static list, just in ca
   * Sandra Silcot
   * Nicholas Car
   * Simon Cox
   * Alexander Hanysz
   * Laurent Lefort
   * Rowan Brownlee
   * Edmond Chuc
   * Scott Lutwytch
   * Dan Brough
   * Michale Hodgkin
   * Marco Fahmi
   * Steve McE
   * Nathan Keogh
   * Jennifer Mitchell
   * Will Francis
    
##### Apologies

#### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members 
    
#### 2. Previous minutes

Noted and discussed, no actions.

#### 4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items

No co-chairs meeting held

#### 5. Work Plan for 2022

##### Arranging speakers for plenaries

* Potential Presenters
    * Laurent: own work, (April, with confirmation)
    * Laurent: Armin should present his knowledge graph talk https://ai4industry2021.sciencesconf.org/data/program/Knowledge_Graphs.pdf
    * Rowan: create a doc for ideas? Nick: create a speekers sugestions file in meetings GitHub
    * Michael: MyGov - data defn of a human, service catalogue using taxonomies, data sync strategy (June?)
    * Nick: Edmond on TERN in (March)
    * Nick: Simon C., LD research at CSIRO? Vocab work mostly (May)
    * Laurent: RDA to describe their LD-related work (July)
    * Nick: GA (August)

##### Lining up resentations on LD to other data groups

* Laurent: to the ABS which now owns data.gov.au
* Rowan: will investigate the user/community groups. Will send the link to notes.
* Rowan: ARDC newsletter article?

**ACTION**: Nick & Rowan to talk about ARDC communications

* Steve: A tech talk to a domain groups like HASS commons (via John Smiley?)

**ACTION**: Steve to contact John Smiley re a tech talk

##### AGLDWG infrastructure

* pointing people at basic tools, e.g. Protege
* Nick: republish some "awesome" lists of Linked Data / Semantic Web tools
* Laurent: difficult to make tools that work together

**ACTION**: Nick to regurgitate a LD/SW "awesome" tool list on the AGLDWG website (https://github.com/semantalytics/awesome-semantic-web)
**ACTION**: Nick to put up pyLODE etc. on AGLDWG-liked website

#### 6. General business 

**ACTION**: Co-chairs provide some details on AGLDWG members' use of GitHub

Dan: Will CSIRO's Registry server reappear?  
Nick: ISO will issue ISO codelists within February  

**ACTION**: Dan to indicate to Nick what ISO codelists Qld DES uses

#### 7. Next meeting details

* 3rd of March, 2022

#### 8. Monthly Plenary closes
